What's going on here is the education to mine
new super mario bros wii unboxing whole
brand new just appeared
it looks really great from the back
horny you can get up to five
players play what really very
very very cool is here again from
in front and really had the side or
I'll do it right now
never seen the video i think so
will the stand be normal dvd how to
it actually already knows from the wii
directly on how to naturally the
Free coming terno very clear
comdirect open up all the benefits yet
times written
of course always very cool
of course you have the disc
These super mario brothers you honest
said of all states title is that
really the best thing to do here
I can find personally and
I am really great
very curious
nevertheless that was that is that
description what we have there at the moment
I have to own my first time shortly
let's see what the small map fact
that you could even get info
you accept it because you have it so small
world map is that that's cool
antenna is really always something
New is simply that is really great
Everything is described only when you control
I think it's even that
description would you be like card.de
not spent because she might
not worth describing that
maybe a new kind of description
to make small card holders
at least in colors really great
that really transforms the hammer
Gamepad control the wii control
really very short time are six
million
but of course the safety instructions
this nature is very important by
the game could have exploded yes
very clear
So everything was written here
Nobody reads blablabla anyway
Okay, we have everything together again
again the cover and I will now
together a good colleague of mine
complete let's play make sony like
great mario I hope you are doing that
will be the absolute best
that would have kuhn extremely extreme
so be funny in any case
and if i liked the unboxing
people please give the video a dauergast
is really very
and if that is ultimately up who the
Definitely a note up here
have in the video and still mine
description that it is also humble
then maybe the videos are there
behind but make the front
okay that's it now for the first time for his
boxing people i already have those
Full review of box and we will
join together and of course
Together the videos start to work that way
of course, as soon as possible, of course, if they are
there are definitely still there
make notes and of course the
left love write very clearly
and I hope you are there and me
Hope you like the unboxing now
And you definitely see us
next place to the idea